chore(curriculum): validate colored markers project (#46671)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-colors-by-building-a-set-of-colored-markers/61695197ac34f0407e339882.md

# --description--

As you've seen in the previous projects, webpages should start with a `DOCTYPE html` declaration, followed by an `html` element with a `lang` attribute of `en`.

> Add a `DOCTYPE html` declaration at the top of the document, and an `html` element after that with `lang` attribute set to.
> 
> `en`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `DOCTYPE html` declaration at the top of the document, and an `html` element after that. Give the `html` element a `lang` attribute with `en` as its value.
```
